what's going on everybody I'll basket 44
here from gamer fusion come at you with
some pretty cool news for PlayStation 4
owners are they announced a new firmware
update so firmware 2.0 which would be
coming soon to the council which is need
to on the big feature of firmware 2.1
options surrounding your friends so
particularly finding like-minded friends
just cool the firmware update will also
recommend friends for you so people that
play the similar games that you do
they'll let you know about because I
know you should be friends with this
person which is pretty cool I will also
be getting the YouTube app to that will
let you upload your gameplay videos
directly to YouTube but the biggest part
of all this is this thing called share
play now what sure play is is a way for
you and your friends to play the same
game virtually no matter where you are
so what I mean by that is that if you're
in front of a ps4 and your friend is to
you can share the same game and play
competitively or co-op with without both
of you actually having to own the game
which is really neat so if one of you
own the game you guys can both play it
that says I think that's awesome
PlayStation is doing something huge is
huge with this um I can't wait to start
this size it was kind of talked about
far cry 4 Becky three so I think that's
gonna be like the main game thats gonna
show this off off the sheer play and
then gaze will follow of course food so
PlayStation is doing something huge
ruthless I'm so excited for this to come
out it's coming soon this firmware to
point out so when more of it comes out
or more news of it comes out i'll make
sure to let you guys know but yeah guys
a piece for did really well against god
and this is just another thing on top of
the great success tip at it and they
sold 10 million units to i thought i
mentioned that real quick to s insane
nine months 10 million units that's
awesome but thanks for watching guys
remember that gamer fusion of powers of
gaming let me know in the comments below
if you excited about this are if you've
heard about you just let me know your
opinions hit me up on Twitter l desk 44
uh yeah the guy said that's the
scrapbook that like button thanks for
watching guys and peace
you